Basic 

Fingerprinting:
By Default, Winfingerprint will attempt to determine the current configuration
of each server in the IP Address Range. This includes OS Version (Major and Minor)
as well as type of software (i.e. PDC, BDC, NT WORKSTATION).
No special privileges are required to perform this command.
NOTE: Inside the Fingerprinting function, winfingerprint attempts to obtain
Domain\Computername. This function call requires administrator privileges.
If the call fails due to insufficient privileges, the IP address will be shown instead.


NetBIOS Shares:
Retrieves information about each shared resource on a server.
No special privileges are required to perform this command.

Users:
Returns user account information.
No special privileges are required to perform this command.

Groups: 
Returns group account information.
No special privileges are required to perform this command.

Null Sessions:
Establishes a NULL IPC$ Session with the remote host.
No special privileges are required to perform this command.

Ping Hosts:
Pings each host before scanning. DNS resolution also occurs.
Works against non-win32 hosts as well.

Date and Time:
Returns date and time of remote server.
No special privileges are required to perform this command.

Registry:
Determines Service Pack and Hotfix level of remote host by querying registry.

Services:
Connects to the service control manager on the specified computer and opens the
specified service control manager database.

Transports:
Returns information about transport protocols, including MAC Address.
No special privileges are required to perform this command.

Sessions:
Provides information about sessions established on a server.
No special privileges are required to perform this command.

Disks:
Retrieves a list of disk drives on a server.
Only members of the Administrators or Account Operators local group can
successfully execute the NetServerDiskEnum function on a remote computer.


TCP Port Range:
Non-blocking TCP connect() portscan. With hardcoded 5 second timeout. Grabs banners. 


